It's been a few years since we spoke with
Dannion Brinkley, the man who survived
two lightning strikes, open heart surgery,
and brain surgery and having near death experiences
during each event.
His books have become renowned
because of his down-to-earth way
of explaining the visions of what he saw
on the other side, many of them from the future.
Well, the future has drawn ever near,
and Dannion is speaking out.
The topics of this conversation are some looming events
and the transition into physical death.
He knows this well and he and his Twilight Brigade
sit at the bedsides of dying veterans every day.
When you look back over the history
of the spiritual movement,
it goes back into the ancient times
but the late 1890s all the way to today,
through the 20s and the 30s and.
I got into it from having a near death experience
and I call it the swammy business.
And it was the mechanism that I could get
my message out and then to evolve the recruiting
of hospice volunteers
which is like what I want to do
because I want to take over Western medicine.
And if you start with death,
and you back engineer it by using
complimenting alternative medical policy,
good energetic science,
and the human application to the delivery,
the quality and assurance of end of life
will become a hallmark of the American medical system.
And so coming to this conference,
I believe that the Science and Consciousness Conference
will be the landmark of the heralder
of the next period of dissemination of information.
I believe your program and what you and Scott are doing
is the same.
People are desperately looking for this information
because inwardly as great powerful and mighty
spiritual beings with dignity, direction, and purpose,
because of where we are in this part of history,
and because of where we are in the breakdown of
the Mayan calendar,
the dawn of the new age and the last 150 years
of an energetic transfer from the galactic center
based on quantum dynamics in a theoretical perspective
that somebody said 1500 years ago.
With all that jabber,
it's still true.
It's happening.
Well, that's the universe doing something.
That our solar system, a little stupid planet,
a little tiny planet in the middle of a dwarf star,
the littlest star in the universe,
out here in a galaxy with 1.1 billion
planets and stars in it,
moving in a processional through the constellation.
Somebody ought to better prove
that that's happening.
In all of science,
that's the basic question of the Mayan calendar.
It is, and they,
they're pretty much proving it.
There is fabulous science on it now, it's indisputable.
And so then what does that mean to us today?
The people of the science and consciousness movement,
your network, your listeners.
We better pay attention
because if it's about being able to elevate
our consciousness because a wave of cosmic energy
is moving through the universe,
they call it dark matter, they can measure it now,
it has names, it has patterns,
it moves, it's subatomic,
it's got an anti-matter perspective to it.
I mean all the criteria that you
have to accept its validity.
Well, then, what are we doing about that?
How are we responding to it?
If you look at the state of affairs,
it looks like at face value we haven't been responding
very well or at least quickly enough
on some levels.
I would agree I think the system is a failure.
You know, it's a failure.
But it's not beyond repair.
And it's not beyond the point of where
peoples' spiritual selves and Americans, you know,
a part of the spiritual context that we hold
as a strength within us.
I mean, all of us hold that we're an American with strength,
and no matter how much the world hates us today,
we are still the rocking rollest country ever been,
even against China and India,
those development countries,
even down with that lack and flair in Brazil.
Still America makes it happen because we're everybody.
Yeah, we're a mixture of everybody.
Yeah, we're everybody, and we get all kinds of opinions
and attitudes and all that.
But we can change anything and this is it.
This is where the defining psychology has to put in play.
If the cosmic effect is in play,
and it was the Mayans, well.
The Mayans invented the zero,
now where would Bill Gates be if it wasn't for the Mayans?
(laughs) You're right.
That's what these people were doing,
building these magnificent cities,
but this is just one point.
That's just one point of the overall viewpoint
that this is our opportunity.
Then you try to apply that cosmic consciousness
that you just put into probability
because of science and quantum physics and astrophysics
and geological surveys and blah blah blah blah blah.
Then you try to put that all into context,
now how does that apply to like every day
in that context?
And I think that's what everybody is
really looking for in it.
Well I'll put it in that context for you.
This is April Fool's Day I think.
But if you think back two years ago,
and you could imagine that a half black man
and a half white man and a white woman could be running
for the presidency of the United States of America.
At the moment you realize that,
you realize you don't live in the same country
that you lived in for the 227 years it had existed
before that day.
End of story, I don't care talked about,
who you are, what your momma's name is,
I don't give a crap.
It don't change anything.
Then you have the new guard.
The position what the Democrats are doing
and the Independents.
Then you have the old guard.
Well who ever wins the presidency? United States.
And what happens in this next four years to 2012
will determine the next 100 years of American history.
And it will be war, it'll be peace.
And that's where we are, that's what today is.
And you can talk all you want, maybe that day won't come,
or maybe we're going to be in Iraq a hundred years.
If we in Iraq 100 years, we're in a world war.
Yes indeed, and we're going to talk about that.
And we're going to talk about the spiritual fallout of war.
And this is something that is,
something you participate in every single day
with veterans as they're passing through to
the other dimensions at the end of their lives.
First of all, can we put a couple of things in context?
Because when these events happened to you
back in the mid-70s you were shown a great deal
of information about the future.
Well I didn't know at the point.
Let me say this.
I didn't know it was the future.
You were just shown information.
I never had a near death experience before, okay?
I wouldn't have believed it if somebody was
telling me about it.
But it happened to me.
Okay, it was the most real event that I had ever seen or had
and I had to live with it a year without Raymond.
It didn't have a name, it wasn't an NDE then.
Before Raymond Moody came along
and started documenting it.
With his book, you know.
And if it hadn't been for Raymond Moody,
I would have never made it.
Right.
That companionship and that friendship
through that turbulent period of adjusting
to realizing that 85% you've ever been told
is a bold faced out and out lie.
That's hard.
And most of it is ridiculous when you stop
to think about it for a minute.
What?
(laughs) What? It's true.
Yeah.
Well, but, can.
Would you mind talking about some of the things you saw
that are now starting to play out?
And you couldn't make sense of them then
as you said, you didn't know what they were about?
It was Raymond that made sense of them.
I didn't make sense of them. It was Raymond.
Well let's talk about some of the specifics
that are affecting us right now.
You were looking at a time.
Am I clear that you saw gas up at $5 a gallon?
Oh yeah.
I mean, I predicted this in '75,
and when '76 came along and oil prices are right now
where they are except the dollar wasn't devaluated,
and then people said,
"Well okay, that's come true then."
And I said, "No, no no."
"It's 20, 30 years from now."
I mean when you watch the flow of these boxes,
they're not in chronological order.
They're in the order of effect,
how it is affected, the ebb and flow of occurrence,
like probable possibilities.
But like Chernobyl, I could see it and watch it.
And I could smell all the stuff
and this is like 10 years away.
It's 10 years away but it doesn't go away.
It doesn't go away and watching like now.
I said that there would be an environmental religion.
I said this in '76.
I said there would become an environmental religion
and tree huggers and nature lovers,
something would drive them into a point of creating
an environmental religion.
And it was the best that I could deduce it from,
is I'd go back and think through that box.
Now 33 years later, I'm a lot smarter
about those visions now than I was then.
And I can see that it's about probable possibilities, but.
Was I right about an environmental religion? Yes.
Benedict four weeks ago made it a sin to pollute.
Now dominion over the earth is becoming responsibility.
The true nature of the Pagan perspective.
Now I read the edict.
And I took the piece out of the New York Times.
And that's an environmental religion.
That is, that really, truly was more correct
than you could have ever guessed.
That's amazing.
Yeah, but it just shows what.
It shows that you were given the essence.
It shows you how cool the spiritual world is.
Yes it does.
Screw me. It's how cool the spiritual world is.
Can we talk about a couple more of those?
There are a couple other things that have come around
lately and just then we'll be done with that.
I just want to get that down.
Well I think the one that's the most important, you know.
There's a lot of conspiracy and we would be,
because of this mindset of the Book of Revelations.
The Revelation of John.
Because we manifest our reality,
a lot of those mindsets would be put into play.
But they're not as significant
like the environmental religion.
That is the most astounding thing for me
in a long, long time.
Yes. That's amazing.
To watch that unfold and then I can anticipate
based on probable possibility and my ability to look
at life from the dead side,
from looking from over here back over there.
Then I can look to see that that stuff will
come into play.
And it's here.
So for me, it had nothing to do with religion.
It had to do with a spirituality of a transformation
that was inherent and those who have
bastized it or controlled and manipulated it,
no force could allow them to have to now
as the energy begins to correct itself,
there's nothing they can do.
Right.
You know, like the borg and the Star Trek,
you will be assimilated.
Yes. (laughs)
That's amazing. That's amazing that it was so clear.
And that we would go broke as a nation.
This is the other one.
But this is not the most important.
I just want to cover the horrifying stuff.
That we would go broke, and that people would be homeless,
and streeting and lining up in soup kitchens.
Well we're $9 trillion in debt.
We spend $720 million a day
in a war we're fighting in Iraq
that we borrowed from the Chinese.
That's right.
Now we borrow $3 billion a day
and we spend $720 million.
And on the CIA,
their own statistical list of world economies,
out of 164 countries, we've been at the bottom, last,
for at least the last couple of years.
Well since 2001, but.
We're so far in debt, yes.
But we've positioned.
The way when we saw that coming to rationalize,
we would use 9/11.
And the policies didn't play out because
American politics.
Right. You needn't say more on that.
Most everybody watching this gets that drift. So.
So America going bankrupt. Well, we're there.
Yeah.
Okay, we're the Walmart.
We're the Walmart of the world
and we have to collapse the currency.
It has to happen in order to position
the North American states.
Did you see something like that happening?
Talk about what you saw
because we know about this.
The world global economy was the end product.
But it was only an aspect of the visions.
You know, these are probable possibilities,
because if we think of certain ways something else happens.
And everything is based per breath,
there is a rhythm being created by humanity
that's used in the breath.
And what bowls and molds us together
as spiritual beings in the human form
is that we breathe.
There's nothing else as long as you're breathing
then you're in the game of the unfoldment
of a mental-physical existence
of an emotional spiritual being operating
within the confines of that.
Right.
And once you realize that,
then you have a whole new set of parameters
to look at your life by.
You can always try to get people to believe it's,
that they're great powerfully minded spiritual beings
with dignity, direction, and purpose.
So we are broke.
So that prophecy is true this day
and people are homeless because there's 4 million defaults.
Well then there's this.
Energetic medicine.
The term in science called frontier medicine
that everything is energetic.
Our consciousness makes us buy pills
because we're looking for that one thing
that does it so we don't have to be responsible
for anything else.
But when you think of that in the whole perspective
about energy.
Quantum physics says that that pill is energy
that calculates in a certain sacred geometry
in a form that operates with an electrical sphere
that we call the earth and
the physical science and physics model of reality.
End of story.
So energetic medicine under the heading of frontier science
non-local healing will be the rage of the next 4-7 years.
Healthcare is the place where the money is
and where growth is and spirituality is
because it's the dividing moment
between the helpless and those who deserve.
Well right there, no matter who you are
as a nation, if you bring healthcare
not using the focal point of what Hillary's doing
and what John McCain's doing
and all that politics.
You bring to the healthcare as a moral dilemma,
then I believe with all my heart.
Those of us who quietly just look at it like this,
between two people looking at it,
will do what's right
because there's inherit beauty in every soul
that when called upon it will rise
to that challenge because it's the divinity
is being asked to be represented
as you would know it.
End of story. Quit talking.
You just quit and do it.
I keep getting up from the dead based on that.
Everything you're talking about that's happened
and is happening right now,
everything you were shown 30 years ago plus
is about this period in time now.
Clearly that's what you're doing here.
That's why you had these experiences.
Absolutely. No question.
And you have really applied it
in a way that I think is desperately in need
of clarification for all of us.
You sat at the side of dying veterans every day.
We're in a nasty war,
we have a lot of people dying real young
that shouldn't be dying right now.
Or dying slowly because of injuries.
And dying slowly because of the injuries.
Young people dying slowly.
Not just older vets of World War II but young men.
61,230 a month.
Yeah.
When you've been dead and you didn't go to Hell,
and you spend two years learning to walk
and feed yourself,
you know everything about a hospice person.
Because you've been him,
my first hospice patient was me.
Well if you have a near death experience,
you have to, mine,
I can't just feel it.
I have to quantify it and I have to frame it,
put a little box in the way I'm going to think it
so that anything that happens within the context
of its value to me,
it'll automatically come to me and I won't
pay attention to it.
Okay, so when you sit at the bedside,
I'm not afraid of what's going on there.
There's nothing about, I understand the pain,
and I know how to study pain management
because I've been in enormous pain.
Struck by lightning, twice,
open heart surgery and brain surgery.
Yeah and anyone who hasn't seen
our first interview with you,
they need to go back and watch this
because that tells who you are.
If they want to, it's just.
I think it's good, it's a good interview.
Well, I just hope they have fun, I don't care.
But when you look at it,
and you're not afraid of it.
Then as a human being,
and as a spiritual being in human form,
it's never what happens to you in your life,
it's what you do with what happens to you
that's really going to matter about how you correct
or handle whatever it is you're doing in your life.
And so I thought that what I could do
as a personal, personally no matter what
my calls was going to be, was be with those veterans.
Because I am one.
And to be with them because the uniquenesses that come
with them and the conversations they couldn't have
with anybody else that created the stress of alienation
of the family like PTSD and poly brain trauma
and all the things.
Leading to drugs and violence at home
and all kinds of problems.
Well Agent Orange and the type 2 diabetes
and the loss of limbs, you know.
These things have a tendency to make people crazier
than they would normally be.
Radiation exposure included. All of it.
Depleted uranium.
Exactly. That's what I'm speaking of.
The killer.
That's right.
And so we have a lot of young men that are dying
that shouldn't be.
Well we have a lot of old men too, but.
And, yeah are.
But what people who have ever served in the military
ask about is if anybody ever appreciates
what they went through.
Because when you're lying in that bed
and you've got six months or less,
the talking's done.
It's evaluating.
People are amazed, okay.
They can't believe it.
And then they go to denial, okay.
This is not happening to me.
Then they go to fits of anger,
within that denial as defense.
And then they start to bargain,
and then it's acceptance.
So it's walking them through those stages
no matter who they are because this is the inherent
nature of spiritual transition.
And define value for that person by their life
had meaning and if you never met them before,
the fact that they served in the military,
I've got something in common with them,
and what branch did you serve in?
If it was the navy you're a squid.
And you hadn't heard anybody call you a squid
in sixty years.
And there was a rapport that begins.
Everybody's different.
There are no two alike
and I've been through 368 of them in their last breath.
And some people I've known six years
because they happened to keep surviving
because some kind of quality of life
came into their life when they came out of the coma
like Walter that it changed them.
Though I miss the other side.
If you've ever been where I've been,
then there is no part of you that does not always
wonder about it because to feel precious and safe
and to feel that we're really existing,
that somewhere somebody's proud of me
or I wouldn't be able to get there
if there wasn't someone proud of me.
I mean that's the only way it could have happened.
And when you think like that,
then you get to live among the spiritual essences
of a human being in their last days.
And if you know how to handle to guide that person
to help them find value,
because they're a spiritual being
in who they are and what they did
by them telling their story to somebody.
Most people need just a listening, loving presence.
What we all hope God is for us,
why not become that for others
until that moment occurs?
Until that moment occurs and so what I decided
to do was do that.
I did that personally.
It was not a part of the great Dannion
world conquest adventure.
You know, it wasn't about that.
It came about when going with my dad
over to the VA, I was doing hospice
but not focused on veterans and
my mom had headed to the next side
having the best time she could have,
and my dad, he had to go to the VA.
When you're in the hospital,
and you look at the desperation,
I can empathize with it because I've been there.
And it's not sympathize because
I don't sympathize with anything.
Because that's a stupid action.
Sympathy means you think you're better than it.
That means you will never succeed
in trying to see it properly
or execute a plan to achieve support
or change it because you have not framed it
well enough to be able to execute that.
Right.
End of story, goodbye.
Talk all you want, I don't care.
(laughs) You know.
You strive for empathy.
Yeah, so empathy is the point where you've been there
and understand it.
And I just started talking to them
and I said, "When's the last time someone"
"came to see you?"
And some guys it's been ten years.
And so I just,
there was a ward and
I went into a VA and there was a ward
that nobody would go see anybody in.
And they were hospice, and they were AIDS.
It's '84 and no one would go see them.
And everybody thought you got AIDS
if you drove through New York.
And I thought, well if lightning didn't kill me,
okay, and now I hadn't had open heart surgery first.
Then AIDS is not going to kill me.
So I said, "I'll go and see them."
And so there was like, these four navy guys.
They were having a really tough time.
I mean, it's tough dying of AIDS in the '80s.
And serving your country and disdained, and betrayal.
I knew I was going to do something then.
It didn't make any difference
and I saw the nature of God in my life
or the spiritual force in my life
maneuvering me into what it wants me to do.
I was just smart enough from being dead
to be able to catch it. (laughs)
But it didn't change the fact that that's what it was doing.
Yeah.
And it's just people seeing that part about themselves.
So when you're coming toward the very end,
and the denial is all gone, and the acceptance is there.
You don't ever know what stage they're in
when they pass.
This is the process of.
But the fear.
Isn't there still a fear aspect in most people?
And what do you notice,
what are the common denominators with these?
If they're going to Hell or not.
If they're going to Hell.
If they're actually.
Yeah, when the talking is done.
And the doctor is done.
And the family is not paying any attention.
And to get to come see you is a lot of reasons
they slow down in coming
because a lot of them can't handle what they're seeing.
Robust, all the way to the last of it.
So you don't judge people there.
I don't judge people, I try to fill the gap.
I'm a caregiver's caregiver.
I believe in compassionate fatigue,
and I watch it happen to people who are dying with people.
So I created the Twilight Brigade
to be there to help them.
I teach the framework of what to watch for
and how to listen.
You know, I'm a different person at the bedside
than I am in my Dannion frame or being me
or whatever I'm trying to promote
or my marketing, all that.
At the bedside, because I always say
you teach best what you most need to learn.
It's something I got from Richard Bach
in Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah,
a great book.
Yes.
And you teach best what you most need to learn.
And so I most need to learn patience.
So I have to lock myself into a system
that demands out of integrity that I do that.
And that's being at the bedside.
When you know you're a great powerfully minded spiritual
being and you have dignity, direction and purpose.
When you know that, no matter where you go.
There's no place I can go from that.
And you don't go to Hell.
And the place that you see on the other side
is as cool as you could possibly imagine it.
It's different from all that stuff you've ever heard.
But it's sensual, and it's such a safe place.
It's a place where you feel a tremendous pride
that something is feeling about you.
You know that you're instilling pride
in something.
You feel embraced.
Yeah, more than that.
That it's proud.
Yeah.
And that's the force that surrounds you
when you move from this world to the next.
All I ever want people to really do
is to believe there's a life after death.
I do not really care what they believe about.
They can make up anything they want,
and probably anything they make up is true
and possible regardless of what anybody says.
Over there you can do anything,
it doesn't matter.
But I wouldn't believe that.
Because if I could in my lifetime
create that as a mindset,
then this is not the end of something.
It's the final steps before the beginning of something else.
That will shift the mindset.
And it will shift the mindset subtly.
And it will do it in such a way that
people from me and my life,
and what happened to NDEers.
And those who took that dramatic event
that was so real it matched everything
that's ever occurred,
and they really did something with it.
I'm not saying that those who didn't do anything
with it are any less.
But you can measure the distance
traveled by a person when they talk it
and how well they walk it.
And I hope no matter how screwed up I am
that that will be the mark of wherever else I am,
which I haven't done anything too bad,
but whatever else I am,
this is the mark of what I believe
based on a life after death.
And then you move forward onto the next step.
To look at a managed care system
which is the medical structure of the United States,
look at a managed care system
so that you can implement a strategy
in end of life care which would take
the training of the Twilight Brigade
and standardize it as a model.
Because and the greatest thing about end of life care
is continuity of care.
Yes.
Okay consistency because that's what
that person in a helpless state depends on.
That's one of the failures of the whole system.
That's why I'm in VAs
because this is where these guys need somebody
to talk to them and the people
are overworked and the bureaucracy
and the standardized model that's in place
does not allow it to happen.
Right.
So I have to break that model.
I have to engage it, you know.
And you're having some good luck with that.
They help you where you ask for help.
Oh well, everybody talks bad about the VA.
And I know everything good and bad about the VA.
But you know what, everything I ask them to do,
they do it.
I mean, I was out there,
I know the system because I deal with end of life care
and I fight for people's rights
and their DD214s and all this stuff
that has to be done for them to be able
to get their benefits.
And I not only die with them,
I talk to them, and I help them,
and I guide them, and I call their Congressmen,
and I call their Senators,
I threaten people.
Because they need an advocate.
They need somebody that's not trying to,
I don't want anything from them,
they're dying, my wife says I have an intimacy problem.
Because the only people I like are people dying.
Because I don't have to like them long.
Okay and so maybe that's true, okay, but.
Everybody who follows me, they know me.
They don't have any oddity about me.
They know exactly how I am.
They know exactly how I look at it
and I'm as straightforward about it,
and I don't get into all that trivia.
But what we have to do is find a standardized model
that allows death to become a natural process.
You come here going.
Okay now, quit freaking out.
I didn't go to Hell, you ain't going to Hell.
I want to talk to you about that.
So get that out of the way.
Can we talk about that part right there?
When you have a man who is now coming toward the end
and he is still holding onto the fear
that he is going to Hell.
Can you give us an idea of how you approach him?
How you frame it, how you talk to him.
Why does he think that?
And he'll say, usually?
I killed somebody in the war.
I shot a child, I became an alcoholic
and alienated my family because nobody understood
what I went through.
PTSD, Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome
is when you are scared to death.
And it implants itself into psyche
and the emotional structure of a human being
regardless of what anybody tells you.
It's part of the mechanisms of a human being
to have a human existence.
These things will happen.
A chemical reaction in an emotional place
will set up a trigger in the brain
that when fear and intimate fear,
that life and death threatening psychology
begins to replay itself.
Not because of the event that they're going through
in transition from this world to the next,
but the event that preceded it
that puts itself into play.
And so they keep playing this
over and over towards the end.
Fighting the same war.
Feeling the things that they felt at the time
and regretting perhaps some of the things
that they did or had to do.
They're going to Hell for it.
The only thing they're regretting
is the fact that they think they're going to Hell for it.
Yeah.
When you're down, when you're looking
at those last breaths,
you're in the dance.
Yeah.
And that stuff better be settled. Well.
So what do you tell them?
I just watch them and listen to them.
And ask them why.
Well could you have changed?
How many of them are there?
I've seen people fight Germans, Japanese, Vietnamese.
Get out of the bed, throw things through the windows.
You know, I've seen all of that.
But I see little 25 year old women
with three children and a husband with no legs
and no arms and poly brain trauma.
And the system is as bureaucratic and as stale
as it was when it was no war.
You know, it's archaic and dramatic increases
in people moving to the system.
It's like they did not anticipate the damage
and they did not regulate, specificate, implement
programs and funding mechanisms and support systems
necessary to achieve the goal.
So that means the military strategists
whoever ran that should be fired or executed.
It is failing.
So you're talking about women like this
with children with a husband with no legs.
That's a dead, that's a longer death.
Sometimes it's 20 years.
So when this occurs,
are you able to help them breathe a different
kind of breath when the time comes to pass over?
Sure.
So that fear of going to Hell isn't there?
I'm great at it.
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean I've been doing it for 30 years.
I mean what a joy.
And I'm not afraid of death or any of that stuff.
And I can watch and I see some horrible deaths.
But it's usually the family that's doing it,
or that person, because if I get near them,
or some of my people get near them,
because we start weeks before.
Sometimes months, sometimes years.
So the continuity of on Thursday,
Marsha's coming, Terry's coming,
you know, Heidi's coming, Catherine's coming,
Ben's coming, James is coming,
then they create a rapport because the consistency
of those people showing up.
Or they show up when somebody who is dying with them
or who loves them needs a break.
You know, and they show up.
Then they have a comfort zone in that.
Okay, there's a comfort.
And then when it's in those last days,
there is nothing different about that person.
They don't freak out, they ain't crying.
They're not trying to steal your furniture.
You know, we're not arguing over who gets what.
Because you can't accept anything
as the twilight begins, you sit there and you watch it
like it's damn Ed Sullivan, okay, you know.
And it's just like that.
It's like Jackie Gleason in that.
And then you just create closure.
I would never not do this.
And I recommend it to everybody, why?
If you're 37 years old or older
and you live in the United States of America
and you have a family member
anywhere in the world,
you have an 81% chance
that that family member will turn to you
in the case of a catastrophic illness
or a terminal disease before they turn to
a doctor or clergy.
True. Yeah.
If you're 37 years old,
and you have a friend anywhere in the world,
you have a 60% chance that that friend will turn to you
in the case of a catastrophic illness
or terminal disease before they turn to a doctor or clergy.
And believe it or not,
you have a 100% chance, you will turn to you.
Right, right.
And now when you've got an 81, 60, and 100% chance
of something occurring if you were in Las Vegas
would you put the dollar in the machine?
Yep.
Damn right.
Well I'm saying the same thing.
Hey everybody.
The faster you know about death,
which is the ultimate life coach,
the more you will know about life,
and the greater the abundance of the opportunities
that you can find.
And you call that the greatest enlightenment
is that moment.
Absolutely. Yeah.
I mean when that guy lets go,
and I was holding his hand,
I can feel myself,
and this is the big secret of Dannion.
Because I know the way down the tunnel
and I know the mindset,
I can go part of the way down the tunnel.
And I'm not going to be a hero.
You know, this is about people of us,
are just like me, I'm no different
than anybody else I've just been dead.
But all it did was change my perspective,
it didn't do anything else
and enhanced my empathetic ability
to perceive conscious thought patterns.
Which is why they call it psychic.
But mine is, I understand how it works.
Remember, one day I never believed any of this.
The next day I was dead,
and the day after that I became everything
I never believed.
And I didn't know what an NDE was.
I had no earthly idea what had happened to me
but it was the single most real event
that has ever occurred to me.
And I had no preparation for it, it just came.
The next two, the open heart surgery
and the brain surgery,
I had time to think about that.
The second one was just exactly like the first one
in its structure and the feelings.
The third was a little different.
Because I lingered longer in a place within the journey,
which is what I call the blue-gray place,
then I did because then I got down to the tunnel,
to the end of the tunnel,
didn't see it being a light,
but I could see the life review which I knew
was the next pattern.
Now I don't know if I knew that consciously,
or I knew that because I had been through this before.
And then I started back.
It was not to see a third near death experience,
third panoramic life review.
I could see it beginning to happen
when I was not intricately woven within it and so.
So you can go with these people
because you know the way?
Yeah.
So you go with them part of the way.
What happens then? When you're holding their hand?
Well they let go.
And I know exactly how to pace the breath,
what to think, how to set my intent.
And I wait, and I know when they lift out,
or I see someone come to get them.
Now this is what the thrill is.
And I can cross into that world now.
I can create an atmosphere
that that world can cross into mine.
And by creating that crossover place
that's not just one point, that last breath,
it's those days, hours, and minutes
that come to value and specifically
that allows that world to come here
and us to go into that world.
You know, when the Bible says,
where two or more gather in my name,
so shall I be among you.
But there's only one place that can happen.
And it ain't church, it's at the bedside.
It's you, that person going, and God.
And maybe this trigger is not true,
well, that's how I know it's true.
I do the work.
If you feel drawn to join Dannion
and his Twilight Brigade just click on the link below
which will take you to his site
to help you to become involved.
Meanwhile, another of our interviews
that helps us understand the transition to death
is with Fern Stewart Welch,
I think you might enjoy that one as well.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.